[Alexander] You want to take a
vacation?!
Yeah. I thought I'd
better go visit my daughter...
You know, before she
forgets what I look like.
It's unusual for you to
request time off...
Not to mention you wouldn't return
any phone calls the other day.
Oh! Yeah, well it was
just a thought.
If it's not possible, that's okay.
I mean, after all,
the safety of the city has to come first!
Relax. I'm not saying
the idea's out of the question.
[Barnaby] Just to let you know,
it's okay with me.
It shouldn't be a problem,
I can handle things by myself for a while.
Well, if you're sure
about that, then fine. He can go.
It would be good for you to spend
some quality time with your daughter.
Hey, I have to look out for my crew.
She's one of my biggest fans.
[laughing awkwardly]
The latest Invincible
Hero Legend? That's great.
You should start thinking
about what to do with your life.
[sighing]
Hm?
Hey, do you need some
help with your car, pal?
No thanks. I don't need a
hero to handle a job like this.
It's nothing I can't take
care of on my own.
Come on, man, it's old. How long
are you gonna keep driving that clunker?
It's not a clunker!
It happens to be
vintage, Kotetsu.
I guess that depends on
how you look at it.
You don't see anyone driving second-hand
junk like this in Stern Bild anymore.
It runs just fine out here in the boonies.
You coming or what?
I'm kinda surprised you picked me up
in the middle of the day.
I thought you were busy.
Slackin' off?
I came because mom asked
me to.
[car rattles]
Huh? What? You're not
even gonna come inside?
You said it yourself, I'm busy right now.
I still have some deliveries to make.
Your little brother comes home for the
first time in years.
Come on, at least
stay for a cup of tea.
If you want to have a talk,
come by the store.
I'll keep the place open tonight...
Just for old time's sake.
You always were the
serious one, weren't you?
Well, the place looks
the same as always.
Hey Mom! I'm home!
Hm?
Huh?
Mom!
Hey, I'm home.
Oh Kotetsu... I didn't
expect you 'til later.
That's all right. You seem to be
doing pretty well, mom!
I try to keep active.
How 'bout you?
Oh, I'm fine.
Everything's going along perfectly.
You sure about that?
Tell me, did something happen?
Something happen?
No, not a thing.
All right. If that's
what you say...
I was just surprised when you said
you were coming home, that's all.
So... Is Kaede still at
school?
Yes. She should be coming
home pretty soon, though.
Oh, great.
I knew it...
You're not looking very
well to me.
No! It's not like that,
Mom!
You're all wilted.
It was the plant.
It's been a long time
since I've seen this room and my old desk.
[screams]
What is all this? She's
been collecting these?
Huh?
[groaning]
[Kaede] Dad?
Kaede!
Hey, surprise!
Are you happy to see me?
I haven't been here in a long time!
What are you doing,
snooping around my room?!
You came in without
permission.
Well, that's true... But this used to be
Daddy's room,
so I didn't think you'd mind.
You went through my
stuff?!
I... uh... well...
I must say, you've really
been growing! You're big now!
You must be eleven
stories tall! Hmm?
I know! Why don't we take a bath together
like we did a few years ago--
Pervert!
Pervert? S'cuse me?
Where did you even learn
a word like that?
Pervert!
Pervert! Pervert! Get
out of here!
Kaede, what's the matter?
Hmph!
Kotetsu! You need to
eat more vegetables. Come on.
You probably eat fried rice all the time,
since it's the only thing
you know how to cook!
Am I right?
So what's the problem with fried rice?
It just happens to taste really good,
ya know.
Thanks for dinner.
Hey, Kaede, are you
still mad at me?
You expect her to just forgive you?
Have you even tried
apologizing to the girl?
Not exactly.
I mean, going through
your daughter's things like that!
Wake up, she's already 10
years old!
I'm so sorry, Kaede!
I realize I shouldn't have
gone into your room without asking!
Can you forgive me?
I promise, I'll never go in there again
unless I'm invited!
Pretty please,
with whipped cream and a cherry on top?
[Kaede] Stop talking to me like
I'm a baby!
Wait! Almost forgot!
Daddy got you an autograph from
Barnaby Brooks!
You can have it
if you forgive me--
From Barnaby?!
Really? I don't believe
it! How did you get it?!
How did I--well, I stood
in line all night at a book signing
and had him autograph
it for you, see?
[gasps excitedly]
Thank you so much,
Dad! This is the best!
Great! Glad
you like it!
Can I read you a bedtime
story?
That is not gonna
happen!
I can't believe my little girl
is already ten years old.
She's practically a young woman.
No room for a dad, I guess.
So what's happened,
Kotetsu? Gonna tell me?
What? Nothing's
happened, man.
I thought you came here
to talk about something.
Well... Now that I think about it,
it's not all that important.
It can wait.
Oh yeah? So why did you
come back home?
Good question...
I'm not sure.
Mom's really worried
about you.
Hey. You gonna spill
it, or what?
A guy your age isn't supposed to go around
getting his mother all upset like this.
Hey, what's your problem? Are you saying
I need a reason to come home?
That isn't what I said.
Well that's what it sounded like to me!
Look,
I'm sorry I barged in on you like this.
But you're family! Where
else was I supposed to go?
Why are you getting so
upset?
I'm not getting upset!
I just want you to leave me alone!
Then why did you bother
coming back?!
I've got things I'm trying to deal with,
okay? Is that so hard to--
I can't help unless you
tell me what's wrong!
Stop trying to act so
tough, Kotetsu.
Listen... Back here,
you're not Wild Tiger, the hero...
You're Kotetsu Kaburagi.
My little brother, okay?
Your powers are getting
weaker?
Yeah. The time limit that I can use
them in is getting shorter and shorter.
At this rate I'll
completely lose them.
When that happens,
I won't be able to be a hero anymore.
That's what scares me.
And I don't know what to do about it.
Life would go on.
I know there comes a time when
you have to just accept your fate, but...
Damn it! Not like this!
I've sacrificed a lot to get where I am!
A lot more than I ever wanted to.
And for what? So I can wake up one morning
and be put out to pasture?
Why didn't you tell me
about this before now?
I didn't want to burden
you with it.
That's always been
your way.
You've always tried to keep everything
to yourself, even when you were a kid.
It's a bad habit.
Back when you first discovered you had
powers, you did the same thing.
Agonizing over it won't
give you any answers.
Give yourself some time to rest.
That's why you came home, isn't it?
I suppose.
Kotetsu...
That's two bucks.
Huh?!
[groaning]
One more thing...
Yeah, what's up?
Even if you do end up
losing your powers...
Your life isn't over.
You have a lot to live for.
[announcer] He's done it again!
Barnaby has saved yet
another person from this high-rise fire!
He continues to top
the charts this week!
I think I can handle things
by myself for a while.
My ranking is not what's
important.
Protecting people at all times.
That's what we heroes do.
[Tomoe] A hero has to protect people
at all times, isn't that right?
[Kotetsu] Well, yes, but there are
more important things--
Then what are you waiting
for? You have to go.
I can't just leave you
here like this!
[watch beeps]
Fine, I'll go then. Are
you happy now?
[Tomoe] Promise me, dear...
That no matter what happens,
you'll never stop being a hero.
I'm proud of you.
[announcer] And here comes Wild Tiger!
The Crusher for Justice has just saved
two lives
by blasting through
the front of the building!
[ringing]
Tomoe?!
I'm so sorry.
Her condition worsened after you left.
I guess this is it for me.
The end of the road.
Sorry, Tomoe. I just don't think
that I can keep my promise to you.
Dad! Dad, wake up!
Please! Dad!
You have to help Grandma!
Something's happened to her!
What?
Slow down a minute.
What are you saying about Grandma?
Mom! What happened?!
Can you hear me? What's
wrong?!
Don't be so rough!
I'll be fine! I just
hurt my back!
Huh?
I think it's because the
weather got colder.
What is it, Kotetsu?!
What's happened to Mom, is she all right?
Uh...
Sweetheart. You kinda over-reacted a bit,
don't you think?
It's okay. Don't be so hard on her.
She saw me on the floor and got scared.
Like anybody would.
Sorry for that, Kaede.
See? Grandma's doin' just fine.
You don't have to worry.
But you do have to
get ready for school.
I want to stay.
Not when you have school.
Now, do as I say and get ready.
Don't be concerned, Kaede.
Like I said, Grandma's just fine.
Besides, I can
take care of her.
Are you even listening
to me, young lad--
You're the one who never
listens!
Why'd you come here?!
I hate you, Dad!
What's happening?
KABURAGI FAMILY GRAVE
I'm so confused, Tomoe.
I'm really lost. It's awful.
I don't know what I did
to bring all this on,
but Kaede absolutely hates me.
[Muramasa] Can't believe it's
already been six years.
Huh?
I was in the area, so I
stopped by.
Sorry for all the fuss.
Kaede got a little panicked this morning.
First you, and now her.
They say the apple doesn't
fall far from the tree...
I guess they're right.
Let me ask you something.
Do you know why Kaede got so upset?
Not really.
'Cause she feels alone.
Mom is the only one she has left.
Since you live in the city
and can't be around all the time,
She's afraid she's gonna be abandoned
if she loses her grandmother.
She lives with that
fear every day of her life.
That's why she gets so upset when even
the smallest thing goes wrong.
When you think about it,
Kaede was probably never able
to get over the loss of her mother.
That would explain a lot.
I'm not trying to blame you
for the situation.
I mean, you have your own life to live.
But Kaede's always feeling lonely.
Keep that in mind when she acts
the way she does.
[panting]
You're the one who
never listens!
You're right, Kaede. I guess Daddy
never did try to understand your feelings.
Huh?
What are you doing?!
Stop that right now!
Mom, you should be lying down!
Oh, I'm all right, see?
Come on! Who cares about those
stupid cabbages? It's too much stress!
This is what caused you
to hurt your back in the first place!
I put so much effort into
raising these babies...
I can't just ignore them when they're
under stress and not doing well.
It's the
same way I feel about you.
I'm not a vegetable, Mom.
Please, if you can hear me...
Please help Grandma, I'm begging you!
I couldn't bear it if I
lost her. I'd be alone!
Mom? It's pouring outside.
Think we should go pick her up?
[trembling]
[screaming]
Can somebody help me?!
Is anyone out there?!
Yes... yes...
I see. Well, thank you
very much.
What's up? Do they know
where she is?
It looks like she left school
over an hour ago.
And she hasn't gone
to any of her friend's houses.
That's bad. And I still can't get through
to her on her cell phone.
I'm gonna go check
out the area!
Kaede! Where are
you?! Kaede!
Have you had any luck?
No. What about you?
Not a trace. The rain's so heavy
nobody's out, let alone Kaede.
I hope she was able to
find shelter inside somewhere.
[shrieking]
Kaede! It's Daddy!
Answer me! Kaede!
Kaede!
No time, I'll have to
take my chances!
Wait! Even if you use your powers,
it won't do any good
if you have no idea where she is!
I know that.
Now be quiet for just
a little bit, okay?
I'm almost out of time!
Kaede, please...!
Say something!
[Kaede] Dad! Help me, please!
Dad!
Kaede!
[crying]
[Kotetsu] Kaede! Kaede,
are you in there?!
I'm here, Dad!
[Kotetsu] I'm coming to get you!
I know you're scared. But I'm going to
get you out of there! Don't worry!
Everything's gonna be fine!
[grunting]
What?! I need more time!
Dad?!
[Kotetsu] It's okay, Kaede!
Your Dad is Kotetsu
Kaburagi!
It'll take more than a little storm
to make me give up!
[gasping]
[grunting]
What good is a hero...
...if he can't save his
own daughter?!
[grunting]
Kaede!
Oh, Daddy!
It's okay, sweetheart...!
You're safe now.
I'm sorry I got in trouble!
I didn't mean to...
...scare everyone!
It's all right.
Kaede,
I'm sorry, as well, baby.
I'm sorry I wasn't here for you more.
[Anju] Heading back already? You
barely had time to rest!
[Kotetsu] I know, Mom, but I'll rest
when I get back here in a few days.
[Anju] Huh?
[Kotetsu] Well, I'll be coming back
just as soon as I turn in my resignation.
[Anju] Resignation? What brought
all this on?
[Kotetsu] Oh. Nothing in
particular, really.
[Anju] Mm-hm.
[Kotetsu]
Well, there is something in particular.
I decided I wanted to spend more time
with Kaede.
And I made her a promise.
Right? Right.
Mm-hmm.
I see, but
Kotetsu...
I'm starting to become vintage, Mom,
let's face it.
Huh?
I think it's time for me
to move on with my life.
There's my ride.
[horn blows]
Dad. Are you really going
to come home soon?
Yeah. I'll be back very soon,
right after I quit my job.
Do you swear?
Don't say it if you don't really mean it!
Oh, I mean it, sweetie.
Promise.
Watch out! You're gonna
hurt yourself!
Kaede!
Huh?! You mean...?
I'll be waiting for you!
Here! This is so you don't forget!
Thanks, sweetheart...
[Kotetsu] She's... She's becoming a
NEXT!
[Anju] Kaede!
[grunting]
[laughing]
The apple doesn't fall
far from the tree!
[Kotetsu internally]
It's gonna be okay, Tomoe...
I promised you I'd always be a hero.
But now, I'll be Kaede's hero
and that's all I really need.